Matthew McCutcheon
Front-End Web Engineer and Image Maker
Seeking challenging roles which engage my technical skills in the creation of websites, apps, data archives, and/or imagery.

Portfolio: https://encryptid.github.io
E-mail: mwtheta@protonmail.com
Location: Orange County, CA

Education:
California State University - Long Beach (September 2011 - June 2015)
Bachelor of Fine Arts Degree - Focus in Art Photography
3.5 GPA, Dean's Honor List (Several semesters), President's Honor List (Several semesters)
Art Exhibition: This Image Before Me (2015), Gatov Galleries, Long Beach, CA

Skills:
Front-End Web Development
Photography
Photoshop
HTML5
CSS3
Sass
JavaScript
Node.js
Vue.js
Nuxt.js
React
Svelte
Neutralino
REST APIs
Git
Bootstrap
jQuery
MongoDB
Web Scraping
Encryption
Batch Scripting
Data Visualization
State Management
Visual Studio Code
Chrome Dev Tools
Responsive and Mobile-First Design
Adobe Creative Suite
ImageMagick
FFmpeg
Audacity
Problem-Solving
Self-Taught / Self-Starter
~90 WPM Type Speed
Highly Organized

Languages:
English (Fluent), Spanish (Basic), German (Basic)

Project Showcase:
IMDb Top 250 TV Shows
Used Node.js, batch files, cURL, and ImageMagick to scrape data as well as download and resize images from IMDb pages for 250 TV shows. Vue.js and Nuxt.js were used to render content server-side and create dynamic pages for each TV show. Chart.js was used to create charts for the ratings for every season of each TV show.
Link: http://imdb-ratings.surge.sh, Code: Available upon request

To Do List
Used Vue.js along with BootstrapVue components, icons, and classes to quickly scaffold the project. Vuex was used for state management, the file-saver package was used to export data as JSON, and the FileReader web API was used to read previously saved files. The project was also made into an app with Neutralino.
Link: http://youthful-sugar.surge.sh, Code: Available upon request

U.S. Congress 117
Used Node.js, batch files, cURL, and ImageMagick to scrape data as well as download and resize images from 3 APIs and a webpage. Vue.js and Nuxt.js were used to render content server-side and create dynamic pages for each representative. Chart.js was used to create 13 charts for congress as a whole and several charts for each representative.
Link: http://handsome-giraffe.surge.sh, Code: Available upon request

Time Tracker
Vue.js was used to build the project. Mathematics and the moment package were used to create dynamic progress bars which visualize several durations of time. The project was also recreated using the React and Svelte frameworks, and made into an app with Neutralino.
Link: http://previous-expert.surge.sh, Code: Available upon request
